Add and edits readmes (#47)
loambuild/loam-sdk: crates/loam-sdk-macro/README.md

# loam-sdk-macro

> This crate only contains macros. Macros generate the code necessary for a user to implement a Subcontract. Ultimately, this means a user only writes a few lines of code to create a Core Subcontract, allowing them to instead focus on other Subcontracts they'd like to create.
> 
> These macros implement the key methods of a Core Subcontract, `subcontract`, `into_key`, `lazy`.
> 
> `#[subcontract]` is an attribute procedural macro (proc macro) that allows user to get and set an admin. This ability is what creates a Core Subcontract and thus defines the most basic definition of a Subcontract.
> 
> `lazy` deserializes keys but only as needed.
> 
> `into_key` loads and stores types.
> 
> Both `lazy` and `into_key` can be used in your subcontract implementations when appropriate.
> 
> See `lib.rs` for the implementations of subcontract, lazy, and into_key.

Reviewer: This crate contains the underlying logic for the `#[subcontract]` macro, but it does not contain the Core Subcontract logic (get/set admin + update/redeploy). That logic is contained in `loam-subcontract-core`. 

```suggestion
This crate contains the source for the macros that all subcontracts depend on, such as the `#[subcontract]` macro itself. Rust macros generate code, allowing users to write less. These macros generate the code necessary for all Subcontracts, and do so in a way that makes it easy to author your own Subcontracts.

`#[subcontract]` is an [attribute procedural macro](https://doc.rust-lang.org/reference/procedural-macros.html#:~:text=Attribute%20macros%20are%20defined%20by,not%20including%20the%20outer%20delimiters.) (proc macro) that you need when you create your own subcontracts.

Aside from `#[subcontract]`, this crate also contains the implementation for some [derive macros](https://veykril.github.io/tlborm/proc-macros/methodical/derive.html) such as `IntoKey`, which structs in the subcontract need to derive in order to lazily load and store the type. 

For more information about how to use and author Subcontracts, see the [loam-sdk README](../loam-sdk/README.md).

See [lib.rs](src/lib.rs) for the implementations of `subcontract`, `IntoKey`, and other macros.
```
